1. 
    Task: To develop a personality assessment module, 
    where users can answer a set of questions and the system will be able to define the personality type
    & learning style of the users.

    For personality type, there will be a set of questions, mapped with each personality type.
    Similarly for the Learning style, a set of questions will be mapped with each learning style.

    For each question, the user has to select an option from "Strongly Disagree" to "Strongly Agree". 
    Based on the response the percentage result for each personality type and learning style will be displayed as a result.

    You can use the below images for the user end's

    reference point. You have to develop the backend for the test platform. 
    The frontend is not of much significance. You can design a simple front end only to show the functioning

    of the code.

2. List of questions for understanding the learning style and personality of the student.

    1. I prefer reading printed books than listening to audiobooks or podcasts.
    
    2. I like to write or type my thought

    3. I like to try new things when I see them.

    4. You can learn to be more intelligent

    5. I hate surprises. I prefer to learn before writing an exam.

    6. I will never be good in some subjects. 
    
    7. If the party is cancelled, I will make plans with other people right away.

    8. I prefer words to illustrations. 
    
    9. I don't really see why keeping a diary will be fun.

    10. I always run out of time to finish my homework, because didn't start soon enough 
    
    11. I feel most like myself after spending some time alone.

    12. It's already fair to say, some of my classmates will be more successful than me.

    13. Sitting down all day does not bother me as much as my classmates.

    14. I keep my bedroom tidy and everything organised.

    15. Things always work out in the end. 
    
    16. I draw lots of doodles and shapes to decorate my work in my notebook.

    17. When doing homework, I often look for more detailed explanations online. 
    
    18. My friend's explanations are better than the textbooks.

3. Learning Style:

    1. Visual Represent thoughts in two dimensions using diagram, images, charts 

    2. Auditory: Communicate thoughts through speaking and listening 

    3. Read/Write: Absorb information by reading and structuring thoughts by writing. 

    4. Kinesthetics: Communicate thoughts through moving objects, graphics, animation,


4. Personality types

    1. Generalist Specialists

    2. Casual 
    Conscientious -> Optimist 3. Pessimist

    4. Introvert

    Extrovert -> Growth 5. Fixed Mindset

    Mindset

    Note: For personality type, users can have either Generalist or Specialist personality. 
    Similarly for Casual or Conscientious.

    If a user is 54% Generalist, then 46% Specialist, 
    but we will represent Generalist on the Result screen as it is dominant. 
    The dominant personality type will be shown.